Find the area of a triangle with a base of 10 units and height of 5 units.
Tell me more about Christianity and its history till the 14th century
Find records in database in user table where age is greater than 25 and job is 'engineer'.
Find all multi-player games released in 2019 with an ESRB rating of 'Everyone'
Find the best local nurseries in Toronto with a good variety of annual plants.
Calculate the magnetic field produced at the center of a circular loop carrying current of 5 Ampere with a radius of 4 meters
Get concert details for the artist Beyonce performing in San Diego next month (April 2022).
Predict the total expected profit of stocks XYZ in 5 years given I have invested $5000 and annual return rate is 7%.
Convert time 3pm from New York time zone to London time zone.
Who was the King of France in 1510?
Find a nearby restaurant that serves vegan food in Los Angeles.
Fetch the basketball league standings, where Golden State Warriors stand in current 2022-2023 season with details
How to obtain the detailed case information of the 'R vs Adams' legal case?
Find the prime factors of 450
Find me sculptures near Chicago that were made in the 19th century.
Find the probability of getting exactly 5 heads in 10 fair coin tosses.
Get the recipe for vegan chocolate cake including the steps for preparation.
Locate the nearest public library in Boston, Massachusetts with English fiction section and free Wi-Fi.
What is the function of ATP synthase in mitochondria?
What is the third major chord in C major scale?
Find the highest grossing bank in the U.S for year 2020.
Find a hospital within 5 km radius around Denver, Colorado with pediatrics department.
Who discovered radium?
Find all movies starring Leonardo DiCaprio in the year 2010 from IMDB database.
In a texas holdem game, Who won in the poker game with players Alex, Sam, Robert and Steve given the cards Alex':['A of spades', 'K of spades'], 'Sam': ['2 of diamonds', '3 of clubs'], 'Robert': ['Q of hearts', '10 of hearts'], 'Steve': ['4 of spades', '5 of spades']?
Get weather information for New York, USA for the next 3 days with details.
Find the shortest driving distance between New York City and Washington D.C.
Find a Yamaha flute with the specifications of open hole, C foot, and silver headjoint available for sale.
What's the NPV (Net Present Value) of a series of cash flows: [-50000, 10000, 15000, 20000, 25000, 30000] discounted at 8% annually?
Check the amount of protein, calories and carbs in an avocado from Walmart.
What is the percentage of population preferring digital reading over physical books?
What's the projected population growth in United States in the next 20 years?
Find the current world rank of a Tennis player, Serena Williams.
Search for ongoing lawsuits related to the company 'Google' filed after January 1, 2021 in California.
Calculate the area under the curve y=x^2 from x=1 to x=3.
Draw a rectangle with a width of 20 units and height of 10 units in red.
Predict the price of the house in San Francisco with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and area of 1800 square feet.
What are some gluten-free recipes for dinner?
Find out the current traffic situation from Boston driving to New York.
Identify the protein sequence of a given human gene 'BRCA1'.
music.theory.chordProgression(progression=['I', 'V', 'vi', 'IV'])
What's the price of Amazon stock for the last 3 days?
Get me the latest exchange rate from British Pounds to Japanese Yen.
Who was the U.S. president during the Civil War?
Calculate the BMI (Body Mass Index) of a person who weighs 70kg and is 1.75m tall.
What's the chess classical rating of Magnus Carlsen?
What will be the weather in New York in the next 72 hours including the precipitation?
What is the final velocity of a vehicle that started from rest and accelerated at 4 m/s^2 for a distance of 300 meters?
Find me the average price and ratings of piano from Yamaha.
What is the coefficient of determination (R-squared) for a model using engine size and fuel economy variables to predict car_price with a dataset in path C:/data/cars.csv?
Order three bottles of olive oil and a five pound bag of rice from Safeway in Palo Alto.
Calculate the neuronal activity based on synaptic input rate of 200 and weight 0.5 and decay rate of 0.1.
Find out the population and species of turtles in Mississippi river in 2020.
What are the statistics of Ronaldo's matches in 2021?
Provide me the official crime rate of violent crime in San Francisco in 2020.
What's the area of a circle with a radius of 10?
Can you help me identify the basic RGB value of Sea Green color?
Calculate the power of 3 raised to the power 4.
Find the highest score achieved by any player in the online game 'Overwatch' on PC globally.
How much CO2 is produced annually by a gas-fueled car that travels 12,000 miles per year, with fuel efficiency of 25 MPG ?
Calculate the absolute pressure in pascals given atmospheric pressure of 1 atm and a gauge pressure of 2 atm.
Create a mix track using notes of C major scale and duration of each note being quarter of a second with a duration of 3 minutes.
Get current Gold price per ounce.
How many Canadian dollars can I get for 500 US dollars?
Get historical GDP data for United States from 1960 to 2000.
Calculate the Body Mass Index (BMI) of a person with a weight of 85 kilograms and height of 180 cm.
Find the rating and player count of the board game 'Ticket to Ride'.
Find the latest court case between Apple and Samsung occured in USA.
Calculate the velocity of a car that travels a distance of 50 kilometers for a duration of 2 hours?
Find out the open hours for the Louvre Museum in Paris.
Calculate the probability of observing 60 heads if I flip a coin 100 times with probability of heads 0.5.
How many ounces in 2 pounds of butter?
Analyze the sentiment of a customer review 'I love the food here! It's always fresh and delicious.'.
Calculate the Population Density for Brazil in 2022 if the population is 213 million and the land area is 8.5 million square kilometers.
What are the next five matches for Manchester United and who are they playing against in the English Premier League?
Who was the victim in the case docket numbered 2022/AL2562 in California?
Find the roots of a quadratic equation with coefficients a=1, b=-3, c=2.
Find ten major historical events related to Christianity in the 16th century sort by importance.
How much time will it take for the light to reach earth from a star 4 light years away?
Find the value of a vintage Super Mario Bros. game from 1985 like new.
What is the air quality index in London 2022/08/16?
Calculate the electric field strength 4 meters away from a charge of 0.01 Coulombs.
Find concerts near me in Seattle that plays jazz music.
Calculate the projected return on a $5000 investment in ABC company's stock, if the expected annual growth rate is 6% and the holding period is 5 years.
Book a single room for two nights at the Hilton Hotel in Chicago, starting from 10th December 2022.
When did the Treaty of Tordesillas take place? Put it in the format of YYYY.
I want to find 5 restaurants nearby my location, Manhattan, offering Thai food and a vegan menu.
Find the score of last game for Los Angeles Lakers including its opponent name.
How many months of experience a Lawyer John Doe has on handling Bankruptcy cases.
Find the highest common factor of 36 and 24.
